specify the remote db config is only an example (#5185)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-24.10/installation/_database-configuration.mdx

* Same for the MariaDB **open_files_limit** directive:

> Please note that the following configuration is only an example for an 8gb of RAM infrastructure. Centreon is not responsible for the potential modifications needed in this part. We recommend you consult your database administrator for a configuration that fits your needs.

Author: ```suggestion
Please note that the following configuration is only an example for an 8gb of RAM infrastructure. Centreon is not responsible for the potential modifications needed in this part. 
We recommend you consult your database administrator for a configuration that fits your needs.
```

* Same for the MariaDB **open_files_limit** directive:

> Please note that the following configuration is only an example for an 8gb of RAM infrastructure. Centreon is not responsible for the potential modifications needed in this part. 

Author: ```suggestion
Please note that the following configuration is only an example for an 8 GB of RAM infrastructure. Centreon is not responsible for the potential modifications needed in this part. 
```

> Please note that the following configuration is only an example for an 8 GB of RAM infrastructure. Centreon is not responsible for the potential modifications needed in this part. 

Author: ```suggestion
Please note that the following configuration is only an example for an 8 GB of RAM infrastructure. It is up to each user to adapt the database configuration to fit their needs.
```

* Same for the MySQL **open_files_limit** directive:

> Please note that the following configuration is only an example for an 8gb of RAM infrastructure. Centreon is not responsible for the potential modifications needed in this part.

Author: ```suggestion
Please note that the following configuration is only an example for an  8 GB of RAM infrastructure. Centreon is not responsible for the potential modifications needed in this part.
```

> Please note that the following configuration is only an example for an  8 GB of RAM infrastructure. Centreon is not responsible for the potential modifications needed in this part.

Author: ```suggestion
Please note that the following configuration is only an example for an  8 GB of RAM infrastructure. It is up to each user to adapt the database configuration to fit their needs.
```
